# boar
`boar` (Book Of All References) is a program for storing links, program names etc. They can be added into different categories and can optionally have a description.
## Usage
- Program has to be in a directory that's in the $PATH environment variable and named `boar` to be used as is, otherwise instead of `boar` `./boar.py` (if in the same directory) has to be used. It must also be executable by the user.
- When ran for the first time, it asks to create a directory at either ~/.boar or ~/.config/boar and creates a few files there. The book, by default contains a template entry and two template items.
- `boar ls [category]` – view either all categories and items within them or just a specific category if it's ID (it's position, starting from 1) or short name is passed. Items with a link have `[L]` printed after their name and if configured so, will have the link shown on the line under them. When viewing only a specific category, item links are always shown. Calling `boar` without any arguments is interpreted as `boar ls`.
- `boar add [category] [item name]` – add an item to a category. Category ID or short name and the name for the item can be passed from the comman line, otherwise they are asked for with a prompt. The program will then prompt for a description and a link to be entered for the item, both of which can be omitted. Absolute links should include the `https://` part if using links in the exported HTML page is desired.
- `boar addcat [category name]` – add a category to the book. Next, a prompt will ask for a short name for the category. It has to consist of 2-8 alphanumeric characters and the first letter can not be a number. If omitted, the program will try to create one from the first four letters, but it might not always be successful or achieve a desired result. Category name will be prompted for if not passed.
- `boar rm [category] [item]` – remove an item from a category. Category can be it's short name or ID, item can be it's name or ID. For convenience, using a dot between two IDs is also accepted, as it's the way item IDs are shown with `ls`. E.g. `boar rm 2.5`. Will be prompted for if not passed.
- `boar rmcat [category]` – remove a category. Category can be it's short name or ID. Will be prompted for if not passed.
- `boar edit [category] [item]` – edit an item. Item can be selected the same way as with `rm`. A prompt will ask for a new name, description and link one by one. Passing an empty string keeps the previous value, passing a configured string (by default 'cl') on either description or link clears the value (sets it to None).
- `boar editcat [category]` – edit a category. Neither the category name or short name can be set to None.
- `boar undo [times]` – undo a change to book. To undo more than once, a number can be passed. The number of previous copies that are retained and thus that can be returned to with `undo` is configurable and is set to 5 by default.
- `boar configure` – view and configure a range of options. All the options are numbered, so a number can be passed to the prompt to edit a value. Passing an empty string exits the program.
- `boar reset` – reset the book and configuration to default. The book will have a template category and two template entries within it. A prompts asks for confirmation before the files are overwritten.
- `boar export [dark|light]` – export the book to an HTML file. Either 'light' or 'dark' can be passed to choose between dark and light mode, otherwise the mode is defined in the configuration (by default it's light mode). The path to the file will be shown once it has been created.
